Why give attention to the way you introduce the Scripture?
Because the promises of God, which we find in His written Word, have tremendous power.
Hebrews 4.12 says,
The Word of God is alive and exerts power,
and is sharper than any two-edged sword,
and pierces even to the dividing of soul and spirit,
and of joints from the marrow,
and is able to discern thoughts and intentions of the heart.
Yes, God's Word has the power to reach a person's heart,
so we should always use it as a basis for our teaching.
But first, we should ensure that our listeners are properly focused on those inspired words.
How might you do that?
Indicate what the text will reveal.
Sight the Bible as God's Word,
and say something that will make the listeners want to read the verse.
In the following demonstration, see if the speaker accomplishes any of those goals.
Please turn to Psalm 55.22.
Even though we have read this many times before, let's read it again.
Throw your burden on Jehovah, and he will sustain you.
Never will he allow the righteous one to fall.
Although a kingdom hall audience will likely turn to a scripture,
because you invite them to,
this audience didn't know why the scripture was being read,
nor did the speaker give them any reason to be especially interested in what it says.
How might the speaker properly introduce a Bible verse?
There are a few ways to do this.
First, he could ask a question that the scripture will answer.
Let's watch an example of that.
When a problem is so severe that it seems you can think of nothing else, what can you do?
The answer is found at Psalm 55.22.
Or the speaker could pose a problem that the scripture will help to solve.
Imagine that your marriagemate or fellow believer has said or done something hurtful to you.
The Bible tells us how not to respond at Romans 12 verses 17 and 18.
Notice what it says.
Another good way to introduce Bible accounts is by stating a principle that the account will illustrate.
We can avoid many problems by following divine instructions.
Please turn to 2nd Samuel chapter 6 verses 2-3-7 and notice what happened
when David didn't follow the proper procedure for transporting the Ark of the Covenant.
What else must we do to introduce scriptures properly,
especially when our audience includes unbelievers?
Site God's Word as the authority.
Watch the following demonstration and see if you can discern how the publisher might improve
in drawing attention to the scripture.
Will crime and wickedness always exist?
David gives us the answer here at Psalm 37, 10 and 11.
The publisher aroused interest in what she was about to read by raising a question.
And she correctly identified David as the writer.
Although it's not wrong to mention the name of the Bible writer,
in this case, the householder might have wondered who is David.
And even if she knew who David was, she might have viewed his words as an ancient human opinion.
Let's see how this sister could introduce this scripture in a way that inspires more confidence in its reliability.
Will crime and wickedness always exist?
God's Word gives us the answer here at Psalm 37, 10 and 11.
So before reading a scripture, do more than simply tell your audience where it can be found and invite them to follow along.
Indicate the key point it will make and say something to make your listeners want to read it.
Especially when speaking to unbelievers, introduce the scripture in a way that indicates its authority.
By doing these things, you can prepare the minds of your listeners for the important words that you'll read.